it's brand new for fall it's from
American crafts it's called the night
fall collection ton of fun goodies we're
looking here at the thickers got two
different fonts one is foam and the
other is puffy they're both phone
they're puffy looking but there are
different phone so you can't add color
especially to the white especially
paints and Miss will adhere to them but
this is fabulous looks like cake piping
down here I've used one of the sheets to
make a card as a front and back american
crafts is cool and i use the tattered
leaves die from Tim Holtz do I cut that
and I added some vivid akoya pearl black
pen around the edges for some dimension
and some shine and on this card stock
blood drops down at the bottom to make a
couple of drops down here I love them um
to do some layering I used a bit
glassine from Tim Holtz ideology it rips
it wrinkles it's just a great brown and
I can't decide yet which side I'm going
to use but when I do it I'll put some
black thread on my sewing machine and go
across there then I'm going to add a few
leaves probably die cut one more leaf
and then I thought which would be
awesome in the middle one of these what
did they call spice delights would be
nice right here some kind of circular
thing here if I don't use to see this is
from the new collection don't you love
them mm-hmm I'm the young one of the
flare buttons flare buttons would would
also be a good choice here and then of
course one of these stickers has to be
opened up to put a thanks or whatever
i'm going to add to that car so I mean
it's not just Halloweeny over here we
have a fall and I also used the bet the
pennants die from Tim Holtz which makes
you great look anywhere on pages and
cards so you have to try this this diet
looks really weird they look how good it
comes out now these are adhesive chalk
labels you can actually take the chalk
and go right on them put them on a page
or wherever you may see fit the cool
look 16 of them oh wow packed yeah fun
too these are the sticker sheets there's
eight pages zip in there see ton of the
stickers down below we
have the best and Brad fabric Brad's are
really nice the flare buttons we already
looked at a really cool background stamp
clear stamp set and moving up top we've
got dimensional stickers and also
details with some felt yeah layered
embellishments and these patches I'll i
really like this especially that I will
yeah we've also thrown in some Hambly
screen prints they have this paper which
looks fabulous with this collection look
at that and then this because you want
for the fall and Halloween look a nice
transparency which is super thick and of
course black but let's get on to the
American crafts here this is a
chalkboard piece so you can draw a chalk
on it so this is fabulous use it as a
whole or cut it up to use in a lot of
places you could die cut that that would
be awesome too that's one side these are
both chalk and here's the papers
double-sided are you gonna find American
crafts at Blue Moon scrapbooking com
watch out for those ghosts whoo and they
also give you this nice to the border
down at the edge that you can trim and
use which actually comes in quite handy
yep so I interrupt it that's okay Blue
Moon scrapbooking calm your home for
American crafts come visit us